Título: Slow Cooker Apricot Chicken Stew
Subtítulo: This flavor-packed Slow Cooker Chicken Apricot Stew is the perfect recipe to ignite your palate.

Autor: ARIANE RESNICK
Data de Publicação: Published January 19, 2022

Chicken stew is a warming, filling meal that’s perfect through the fall
and winter months. If you’ve been feeling like your standby chicken
recipes are getting old, this flavor-packed Slow Cooker Chicken Apricot
Stew is the perfect recipe to ignite your palate.

I use chermoula, a North African sauce that I love for its variety of
herbs, spices, and preserved lemons, as a marinade to impart deep flavor
into the chicken. The chicken is cooked with the marinade, so the sauce
infuses the meat as it simmers.

Additionally, the stew contains a hearty serving of chopped apricots, as
dried fruit its common in tagines, recipes made in a cooking vessel of the
same name, and Moroccan cooking in general.

The apricots lose their structure and melt into the sauce, mellowing out
and sweetening the otherwise punchy chermoula. With greens added late in
the cooking process, but long enough for them to cook down and meld into
the stew, this chicken stew is a well-rounded dish that is at once
herbaceous, rich, and healthful.

I enjoy it over couscous or rice, but it works well with other grains,
too. The best part of this recipe is that it is super flexible! You can
marinate the chicken for anywhere from an hour to a full day, and you can
cook the dish on high or low in your slow cooker. This dish allows you to
craft a fancy-feeling weeknight or weekend meal with very little hands-on
time. It serves four, reheats nicely, and freezes well.

Subtítulo: Inspiration for This Recipe

Tagine is a cooking vessel popular in Morocco, and it’s also the name of
the dishes cooked in it.

Chicken tagines are popular because the shape of the vessel, which are
similar to Dutch ovens but have a cone shaped top for trapping steam,
which makes the food cooked in them tender and flavorful.

Because tagines aren’t common to have in homes in the U.S., I’ve revised a
popular Moroccan chicken tagine to be made in a slow cooker. The final
presentation of tender, highly flavored chicken is similar to a recipe
made in the more traditional tagine.

As for the vegetables in the dish, traditional chicken tagines commonly
employ zucchini, cauliflower, or potatoes. Because those tend to break
down if cooked too long, I’ve instead chosen lacinato kale (also called
black kale) because it can be cooked nearly endlessly without losing its
structure.

Subtítulo: Tips and Tricks for Slow Cooker Chicken Tagine

Título de lista: Follow these steps to ensure your tagine is perfect.

1- While it’s tempting to skip the browning step for the chicken and
onions, it won’t have as much flavor or color if you do.

2- If there are a lot of brown bits left in the pan after sautéing, deglaze
with a couple tablespoons of the chicken stock, and add to the slow
cooker.

3- The chicken will be tender after four hours of cooking but will not
suffer if you want to let it go longer; I’ve left it on low for about
six hours and had it still be perfectly textured.

4- Any onions can be used in both the chermoula and the tagine, but I love
sweet onions because of how they balance the tart pungency of the sauce.

Título de lista: Swaps and Substitutions

Subtitle de lista: Don’t have everything on hand? No problem!

- Collard greens can be substituted for the black kale; add them at the same
time and cut them similarly. If you don’t have either, add a bag of
spinach at the end of the cooking time, and stir until wilted.

- Beef or mushroom stock can be used instead of chicken stock.

- This recipe could be made with lamb or beef instead of chicken. Oxtails
would work best, since ideally you’ll want to use a bone in cut.

Simply-Recipes-Slow-Cooker-Apricot-Chicken-Tangine-LEAD-8-085b6d0b560d48faa86e97f4f0c56841.jpg

Serving Suggestions

Traditionally this dish is served over couscous, but it
could also be scooped over jasmine rice or quinoa. If
you’re experimenting with grains, this stew is a great one to play with
for that!

Titulo: Storage Instructions

Store any unused portions in a tightly sealed container for up to four
days. Reheat on the stove over medium heat.

To freeze, place the tagine in a tightly sealed container once chilled,
and freeze for up to three months. Let it thaw in the fridge before
reheating.

Simply-Recipes-Slow-Cooker-Apricot-Chicken-Tangine-LEAD-11-17d349c0299d47588ef455baa12fd052.jpg


Links para outras receitas: 

Texto link: More Marvelous Moroccan Recipes
https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/pressure_cooker_moroccan_chicken/

Texto link: Pressure Cooker Moroccan Chicken Slow Cooker Moroccan Chicken
https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/slow_cooker_moroccan_chicken/

Texto link: Moroccan Chicken with Lemon and Olive
https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/moroccan_chicken_with_lemon_and_olives/

Texto link: Grilled Moroccan Chicken
https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/moroccan_spiced_grilled_chicken_breasts/
